- [Instructor] During chunk-based processing
an ItemWriter is used to write items
the job has read and processed to a data store.
Spring Batch provides the ItemWriter interface
and several out of the box implementations
for common data stores like relational databases,
flat files, or Kafka topics.
A key point to remember about ItemWriters
is multiple items are written as chunks to the data store
as opposed to writing a single item at a time.
The number of items written
is determined by the chunk size,
which helps keep our batch processing efficient.
Let's take a quick at the ItemWriters available
within the framework.
Here's a list of some of the ItemWriters made available
by the framework.
If you are using one of these technologies,
you will not need to write any custom code
to write items to that data store.
Simply leverage the out-of-the-box components
and just provide some simple configurations
and you're ready to go.
Let's get hands on
and see a few of these ItemWriters in action.